React Native v.71 Compliance (#4097)
wix/Detox: README.md

The most difficult part of automated testing on mobile is the tip of the testing pyramid - E2E. The core problem with E2E tests is flakiness - tests are usually not deterministic. We believe the only way to tackle flakiness head on is by moving from black box testing to gray box testing. That’s where Detox comes into play.

- **Cross Platform:** Write end-to-end tests in JavaScript for React Native apps (Android & iOS).
- **Debuggable:** Modern async-await API allows breakpoints in asynchronous tests to work as expected.
- **Automatically Synchronized:** Stops flakiness at the core by monitoring asynchronous operations in your app.
- **Made For CI:** Execute your E2E tests on CI platforms like Travis CI, Circle CI or Jenkins without grief.
- **Runs on Devices:** Gain confidence to ship by testing your app on a device/simulator just like a real user (not yet supported on iOS).
- **Test Runner Agnostic:** Detox provides a set of APIs to use with any test runner without it. It comes with [Jest](https://jestjs.io) integration out of the box.

## Supported React Native Versions

Detox was built from the ground up to support React Native projects.

> While Detox should work out of the box with almost any React Native version from the past few minor releases, official support is provided for React Native versions `0.70.x` and `0.71.x` without React Native's ["New Architecture"](https://reactnative.dev/docs/the-new-architecture/landing-page).

Author: @d4vidi regarding your comment - What do you think about:
> We officially support Detox for React Native versions **0.70.x** and **0.71.x**, without the ["New Architecture"](https://reactnative.dev/docs/the-new-architecture/landing-page). 

TBH I'm not a huge fan of the table since there is really no difference between iOS and Android in terms of our official support. If you want some border that will wrap the version numbers I can make a 1x1 table 😄

Newer versions, as well as React Native's "New Architecture", may work with Detox, but have not been tested out yet by the Detox team.

> Although we do not officially support older React Native versions, we do our best to keep Detox compatible with them.
> Also, in case of a problem with a more recent React Native version or with React Native's "New Architecture", please [submit an issue](https://github.com/wix/Detox/issues/new/choose) and we will do our best to help you out and to address the issue once we will support these versions officially.

Author: ```suggestion
Although we do not officially support older React Native versions, we do our best to keep Detox compatible with them.

Also, in case of a problem with an unsupported version of React Native, please [submit an issue](https://github.com/wix/Detox/issues/new/choose) or write us in our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/CkD5QKheF5) and we will do our best to help out.
```
